# 18 Alston France Acoustic Engineer
Leading societies to a low carbon future, Alstom develops and markets mobility solutions that provide the sustainable foundations for the future of transportation. Alstom’s product portfolio ranges from high-speed trains, metros, monorail and trams to integrated systems, customised services, infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. Alstom has 150,000 vehicles in commercial service worldwide. With Bombardier Transportation joining Alstom on January 29, 2021, the enlarged Group’s combined proforma revenue amounts to €14 billion for the 12-month period ended March 31, 2021. Headquartered in France, Alstom is now present in 70 countries and employs more than 70,000 people. www.alstom.com

Purpose of the Job

As part of System & Infrastructure offers and projects, acoustic and vibration impact studies are required in

order to comply with the standards, regulations and contractual requirements relating to the levels of noise and vibration generated by a railway system Within the Noise & Vibration transversal expertise team (Turkey Platform), the objective of the Noise and Vibration System & Infra Engineer is to:
* Manage the overall Noise & Vibration team activity
* Realize and supervise Noise &Vibration assessment impact studies
* Organize and supervise Noise &Vibration and Track performance measurement
* Export to the Track team for the design of attenuating track

Responsibilities

Analyze N&V requirements in RFPs.

Define a compliant N&V activity (N&V management plan) for Project phase

Identify technical_Project risks in N&V field and assess associated financial provisions and_or propose first design mitigations.

Estimate costs for N&V activities in Project phase

Support track designers in implementing antivibratil solution rules

Define & conduct on-site testing by coordinating with T&C and operation management teams

Manage N&V subcontractors (consultants, laboratories) by selecting them, specify the job, supervising their work, controlling invoices, etc.

Work with mitigation solution suppliers.

Produce the system and infra N&V and Dynamic submittals

Work with the Consortium Partners_Subsystems and_or with Third Parties Representatives to kill the potential risks.

Liaise with interfaces_RAMS engineers to ensure that N&V constraints_risks have duly been specified/logged (resp.).

Assure a high-quality level of the N&V technical documentation for the Consortium Partners and/or for the third parties submittals

Knowledge & Experience

Master University Degree in Engineering

Specialization in mechanics and Vibratory and Acoustic engineering

Significant experience (3 years) in vibro-acoustic engineering, environmental acoustics (ideally

in the railway environment).

Significant experience (3 years) in monitoring and coordinating studies and subcontractors.

Experience in customer and supplier relations.

Skills in vibration and acoustic calculation/simulation.

Skills in vibration and acoustic measurements

(knowledge of acquisition systems such as Pulse B&K or 01dB dBFA)

Mastery of environmental acoustic simulation tools (CADNAA).

Knowledge of norms and standards relating to noise & vibration studies environmental impact and rail systems (ISO 2631, ISO 14837, DIN 4150, FTA etc.).

Mastery of Matlab would be appreciated

FLuent in English

Alstom is committed to create a diverse & international working environment, that reflects the future of our industry, our clients and end-users. As an employee, you will have a unique opportunity to continue to build your career and directly contribute to the expanding growth of the global transport industry

#yan/vagas_post_dataset