# 19 Acoustics Engineer Deviate
Description Headquartered in Paris, Devialet is on a mission to elevate sound to its rightful place in people’s life, innovating across acoustics and purposeful design. Our expansion began with ADH®, a revolutionary patented invention that would forever change high-end amplifiers. This hybrid technology seamlessly blends digital and analog to produce sound quality unlike anything previously experienced. At Devialet, each day is more electric than the last. That’s what it means to be part of an incredible adventure with highly skilled, highly engaged, creative talents. Our engineers, designers, sales, marketing, manufacturing and operations teams are obsessively dedicated to inventing tomorrow so we can carry on delivering incomparable emotion to as many people as possible. We are looking for talented women and men who want to support our projects and values. The revolution of high end audio can be yours as well. Ready to join us ? MISSIONDevialet looks for an R&D engineer to reinforce its conception teams. As such, you will be involved in two activities:
1) You will define the acoustic solution allowing to fit the acoustic spatial requirements of our products by:Defining the acoustic architecture of the multichannel products to fit the brief and cope with the spatialization format compatibility requirements.Defining measurement methods and objective key performance indicators to analyze the spatial rendering of a multichannel device.Ensuring the experimental validation by measurements and listenings of the architecture and signal processing solutions.

Developing and proposing signal processing solutions to maximize the spatial rendering of the product and working in collaboration with the DSP team to ensure coherence between the proposed spatially enhanced solution and the global signal processing of the product.

2) You will be in charge of more fundamental researches relative to the acoustic spatialization of our products by :Enhancing our measurement methods and objective key indicators to analyze the spatial rendering of our products.Developing objectivization methods that fits the spatial rendering requirements of our products using these key indicators.Developing our acoustic architecture design tool by implementing new methods related to acoustic phenomena and the new DSP solutions identified.Enhancing our solution panel to maximize immersion and spatial capabilities of our products, including 3D sound technologies and spatial filtering techniques.

PROFILE:Master of engineering with 2 years of experience or PhD graduate. Strong knowledge of physical acoustics.Good knowledge of acoustic measurements techniques.Good knowledge of audio and multichannel signal processing.Good programming skills with Matlab/Python. Skills regarding MaxMSP could be appreciated.Curious and creative, you like to deeply explore physical mechanisms.Good relational skills are imperatives. You like team working.Autonomous, rigorous, organized.Good analysis, synthesis and reporting skills.Music lover. CONDITIONS:Long term contractAvailable as soon as possibleBased in Paris Salary according to profile

#yan/vagas_post_dataset