# 26 Post doctoral advance near-science
Yale Cohen (U. Penn;  [https://auditoryresearchlaboratory.weebly.com/](https://nam12.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fauditoryresearchlaboratory.weebly.com%2F&data=05%7C01%7C%7C605e77dbf53f4f0bf57208da4a9ac985%7C84df9e7fe9f640afb435aaaaaaaaaaaa%7C1%7C0%7C637904325917882162%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=KvbywTAXi%2FFmyDNij3aod9qvAW2aHQFDz8HTH%2BB1hi8%3D&reserved=0) ) seeks a full-time post-doctoral scholar. Our lab studies visual, auditory, and multisensory processing in the brain using neurophysiological and computational techniques. We have a newly funded R01 NIH grant to study the contribution of corticofugal connectivity in non-human primate models of auditory perception. The work will take place at the Penn site. 
The work combines auditory psychophysics, large-scale neuronal recordings, and computational neuroscience. Candidates are expected to have a PhD (or equivalent) related to neuroscience, engineering, physics, psychology, or similar disciplines. Candidates with backgrounds in computational theory are especially encouraged to apply. Preferred candidates will have experience in training Old World monkeys on behavioral tasks, recording neuronal activity while monkeys are engaged in behavior, and using computational approaches to analyze the data. The intellectual environment of the University of Pennsylvania is outstanding for computational auditory neuroscience. 
This will be a full-time, 12-month renewable appointment. Salary will be commensurate with experience and consistent with NIH NRSA stipends. To apply, send your CV along with contact information for 2 referees to:  [compneuro@sas.upenn.edu](mailto:compneuro@sas.upenn.edu) . For questions, please contact Yale Cohen ( [ycohen@pennmedicine.upenn.edu](mailto:ycohen@pennmedicine.upenn.edu) ). Applications will be considered on a rolling basis, and we anticipate a summer 2022 start date.
Penn is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunity without regard to an individual’s age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status


#yan/vagas_post_dataset